i want to implement 2 new feature. i'll introduce them both now in case their implementations are dependent.

Feature 1: let's calculate and display probs for each team pair to be 1st/2nd. So Brazil 1st/Morocco 2nd is different from Morocco 1st/Brazil 2nd. while caclulating through the match result combinations, the logic needs to keep track also of the probs for all the 1st/2nd pairs. in ui there can be a button for each Group to display these probs or odds depending on the general %/odds selection.
i
Feature 2: let's calculate and display probe for each team to proceed for the next round. Displaying can simple be on a new column after the 4th column. Calculation is more demanding. The rule is that all the 1st and 2nd teams proceed and 8 best of the 12 teams on the 3rd Place proceed too. The selecting criterion for the 3rd places is which team has the most points (3 for win, 1 for draw, 0 for lose). For the final prob of proceeding is pron of being 1st + prob of being 2nd + prob of being 3rd and among the 8 best. To calculate the last term we need for each team their probs of having certain number of points while being 3rd and for each group probs how many points the 3rd team has. A 3rd team can have from 1 to 6 points and so while caclulating through the match result combinations, the logic needs to keep track also on team and group level of the probs for certain number of points. When have these probs we have a math problem of form: There is variable X having values from 1 to 6 with certain prons and there are 11 variables Yi (i from 1 to 11) each having values from 1 to 6 with their owm probs. The sum of probs for X does not equal 1 and for Yi it does equal 1. What is the prob that X has value that is among the 8th highest values among the values of X and Yi? The extra complication is that there can be multiple teams in tie for the 8th place, in which case the prob of proceeding should be distributed equally among the teams having the tie. i had a chat with chatgpt and it says this can be calculated efficiently with python, i didn't yet ask for code. i can ask the code for the calculation or we can think it here. 